chore: document the map block (#755)
mineiros-io/terramate: docs/config-overview.md

# globals block schema

The `globals` block accepts any number of labels, supports [merging](#config-merging), accepts **any** attribute and supports any number of 
[map](#map-block) blocks.

For more information about `globals`, see the [Sharing Data](https://github.com/mineiros-io/terramate/blob/main/docs/sharing-data.md#globals) documentation.

# map block schema

The `map` block can only be used inside the [globals](#globals-block-schema)
block, requires 1 label and optionally accepts a [value](#value-block-schema).

| name             |      type      | description |
|------------------|----------------|-------------|

> | for_each        | list(any)       | The input list |
> | key             | string          | The computed key |
> | value           | any             | The value for the key |
> | [value](#value-block-schema) | block* | value properties |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `for_each`        | `list(any)`       | The input list |
| `key`             | `string`          | The computed key |
| `value`           | `any`             | The value for the key |
| [`value`](#value-block-schema) | `block*` | value properties |
```

The `value` block and the `value` attribute **cannot** be used together.

# value block schema

> The `value` block does not support labels, accepts **any** attribute and supports any number of [map](#map-block) blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `value` block does not support labels. It accepts multiple attributes of any name and value of type `any`. It supports any number of nested [map](#map-block) blocks.
```
